:pencil: improve install process (#15)
Zenika/coffee-button: README.md

## Install

### What you need to run the project

 - a Raspberry Pi with Wifi, or ethernet connection if you like cables

>  - an SD card (2GB should do...)

Reviewer: Je mettrais pas les …

Author: True that.

 - 2 leds (red & green, or anything you see fit) with 330Ω resitors and cables
 - a push button with cables
 - optionnaly a breadboard, to check the connections before soldering the elements

![LED](images/Red_LED.png "Red LED example")
![Resistor](images/330OhmResistor.png "330Ω Resistor")

### How to build

 * Connect the push button on pins 5 & 6 _(SCL & Ground)_, so the click will wake it.
 * Connect the green led and a resistor on pins 32 & 34 _(PWM0 & Ground)_.
 * Connect the red led and the other resistor on pins 12 & 14 _(PWM0 & Ground)_.

![GPIO connectors](images/Raspberry-GPIO-Pinout.png "GPIO connectors")

### How to setup

 * Get a Raspbian lite image from the [official page](https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/raspbian/)
 * Burn it on the SD card: ex. on Linux/BSD -> `sudo dd bs=1M conv=noerror,sync status=progress if=<path_to_your_img/name.img> of=<path_to_mounted_SDcard>`
 * Start the pi with screen and keyboard to configure Wifi, using the `sudo raspi-config` command

>  * Copy source code to `/home/pi/coffee-button` on the pi

Reviewer 2: il faudrait plutot faire un `git clone`

Author: J'y ai pensé mais cele implique d'installer git sur le raspberry... En effet ça permet de rester à jour plus simplement.

Reviewer: Tu peux proposer les 2 sinon. Mais oui Git c'est mieux.

Author: Done.

>  * Install git on the pi and clone the repository or copy source code to `/home/pi/coffee-button` on the pi

Reviewer 2: j'aurais plutot mis un truc du genre : 
```
 * Get sources. Either with git or by hand : 
  * Git : 
  ``` apt install -y git
git clone https://github.com/Zenika/coffee-button ```
   * copy source code to `/home/pi/coffee-button` on the pi
```

Author: Je prends :)

>  * Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and add the webhook and token you created

Reviewer 2: Préciser quels sont les tokens attendus et de quel site ils proviennent ?

Author: Je pensais mettre un exemple, plutôt. Pour laisser le choix sur la solution utilisée.
Ex: We choose Zapier to handle the request and filter the Authorization header then send the email and Slack notification.

>  * Test the script on pi by running `home/pi/coffee-button/init.sh`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Test the script on pi by running `/home/pi/coffee-button/init.sh`
```

Reviewer 2: il manque tjs le `/`, c'est volontaire ?

>  * Add a line to call the `init.sh` file from your boot `/etc/rc.local` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Add `init.sh` to the boot process : edit `/etc/rc.local` and add a line `/home/pi/coffee-button/init.sh`
```

>  **Warning** :warning: _Doing this last action will prevent you to access the pi via keyboard or SSH and force you to mount the SD card on your computer again!. Be sure that everthing is in order before that or comment the last line of the `init.sh` script_

Reviewer: everYthing

Author: Thanks

>  **Warning** :warning: _Doing this last action will prevent you to access the pi via keyboard or SSH and force you to mount the SD card on your computer again!. Be sure that everything is in order before that or comment the last line of the `init.sh` script_

Reviewer 2: Il faut peut etre préciser pourquoi ?

## Usage

Push the button !

> Leds will flashes after a few seconds then green if the request was sent or was in the previous 48h, red if something went wrong.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Leds will flashes after a few seconds then green if the request was sent or already sent in the previous 48h, red if something went wrong.
```
